docs: minor updates to content and style (#117)
Redocly/developer-portal-starter: developer-portal/analytics.md

Whether you utilize Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Heap.io or something else, it can be enabled with a few lines of configuration in the `siteConfig.yaml`.

:::attention

> Analytics is disabled in development server mode. So enabling will have no impact until built and deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analytics is disabled in development server mode. Enabling it will have no impact until the portal is built and deployed.
```
